>> Estelle Weyl: So here's steps,
it's a different type of,
it's not a cubic bezier function.
All of the other ones we looked
at were cubic bezier functions.
Steps says,
how many steps should this take to get
from this 0% mark to the 100% mark.
So if you have five steps, right?
It's either gonna be from 0 to 100%.
It's gonna be 0, 20, 40, 60, 80 or
it's gonna be 20, 40, 60, 80, 100.
So you're either gonna drop the 0 or
you're gonna drop the 100% mark.
And so that's where the key words start or
end comes in.
Basically it's the one you're gonna drop.
So if we do end,
its going to go 0, then 20,
then 40, then 60, then 80.
No, its actually 10 steps its going to be,
so 10, 20, 30, 40, 0, 10, 20, 30, 40.
And if you start, you see how
it's hanging out on the 10% mark?
Cuz it's dropping the start position.
So what's the point of cubic bezier?
Why would you want steps?
Generally, you want something
to be smooth, right?
But sometimes you wanna
do character animation.
And so, where he might, where he go.
There he is, he is dancing over there.
Okay, so that is Psy and he is dancing
>> Estelle Weyl: Somewhere.
He is off the page.
>> Estelle Weyl: Let's give him a little
bit more room to dance around.
So how did I animate this?
You are kind of like I have
no clue how this works.
I actually the sprite of a dancing Psy and
it has 23 frames in it 22 frames.
And I basically move
the background position.
And instead of doing a linear, right?
If I do linear this is
gonna hurt you eyes, so
just be warned.
>> Estelle Weyl: There he
is on the side there, right?
It's then I do steps and
I just show 23 steps.
From the 0% mark to 120 thirds the way in,
220 thirds the way in to
320 thirds of the way in.
Let's get rid of Psy.
>> Estelle Weyl: There we go, okay.
So then I have a bicycle animation and
this is a little bit easier to show
abut less interesting as an animation,
so at the 0% mark,
I'm showing the first key frame.
At the 25% mark,
I'm showing the second key frame.
At the third, I'm showing the 50% mark and
the fourth I'm showing the 75.
I don't wanna show the 100% mark because
if the image is way off the page,
then you're not going to see it so
that's why I used steps end
because I'm dropping the end mark.
If I had done step start,
I would have dropped the first one and
kept the 100% and that doesn't look good.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
I'm dropping the end mark.
>> Estelle Weyl: That looks like a guy
bicycling around right?
And you could add a second animation then,
cuz you can have him
move across the screen.